Hey there, Odd Thoughts viewers. You are
about to watch a conversation recorded
live in Chicago with DRW founder and CEO
Don Wilson. Sometimes called the
smartest man in trading. We had an
absolute blast hosting that show and we
hope you enjoy it, too.
[Music]
>> Don, well, thank you for being here.
Really appreciate it.
>> Great to be here. truly the perfect
guest about what's next in trading. Uh
but just to begin with, why GPUs?
>> Well, uh
obviously AI is becoming more and more
useful and uh as it becomes more useful,
people uh use more of it, which means
they need to use more GPUs to uh to run
inference or train new models. And I
actually have this theory that within
the next 10 years, the world will spend
more per year on G on GPUs than it does
on crude oil. And that would of course
make GPUs
compute the largest commodity in the
world. Um so it seems like you would
kind of need a market for that.
>> A very modest call, just the largest
market in the world.
>> Yeah. I It's funny because, you know, I
associate oil often coming out of, you
know, sandy deserts, but now they're
literally turning the sand via chips
into the commodity itself or like
breathing life into the sand. Just to
back up, I have a million questions
about the about this. For those who
don't know, why don't you give us the
sort of, you know, the 30 second or the
45 second description of uh what you do
or what DRW is.
>> Yeah. So, uh, I started off standing in
the trading pit in Chicago and the EUR
dollar option pit, uh, yelling and
screaming and and,
uh, then I would go home and write code
on my Macintosh computer and and build
models and essentially, uh, you know, I
I don't stand in the pit and yell and
scream anymore. Most of the pits are
gone. But,
>> but we kind of do the same thing now
with computers. Um,
>> I heard a story that you were once on
vacation with your family and you were
in Italy, um, I think in Florence and
instead of, I don't know, eating gelato
or something like that, you decided to
invent a, uh, a new Greek letter for
derivatives trading.
>> So, so
>> this is cool.
>> Yeah. So, so here I I I mean the the
>> you're confusing two stories. So, so
actually actually what happened was
>> um
I was uh
>> there was a new exchange that had
launched an interest rate swap futures
contract. Okay.
>> Um it was called IDCG and um I looked at
the contract and I figured out that
actually they had not designed the
contracts properly. And so uh although
they were telling everybody that it was
economically equivalent to a regular
interest rate swap, um it wasn't because
it had this additional convexity bias in
it.
>> Um which is we we could talk about
convexity bias. Um it it goes even more
in the weeds than a lot of your podcasts
go into. But but um so when I was in
Florence, I had this idea of how you
could create an interest rate swap
futures contract without this convexity
bias problem and that is that is what I
focused my time on there. Yeah.
>> What was the letter? Well, so, so back
to the letter, the the the letter that
was about uh um after a really
unpleasant period in the EUR dollar
option pit where you know all the market
makers lost tons of money because the
shape of the skew shifted dramatically
um as the Fed started hiking in a very
predictable manner. um and
uh and nobody had really developed a
measure for um linear skew. Um and so
over over the weekend I said, you know,
during the week I said, well, you know,
this isn't that much fun. Um we're
losing a lot of money every day, but the
good news is that that means we have
something to learn. And so um so I spent
the weekend working with the quants and
we came up with uh you know kind of a a
a measure of of the um linear skew
between the calls and puts and
decided to use the Greek letter sigh to
describe it. And uh you know so by
Monday morning we had put it into the
risk and onto the sheets and and before
the open I explained to the traders you
know how to talk about it, how to use
language around it and um and before you
know it we had made the money back
because we were able to trade manage
this risk better than anybody else
because we had a whole language around
it.
>> Amazing. So we've established your
street cred when it comes to uh solving
problems in contracts for financial
instruments. If I think about a GPU
future or something like that, the first
problem that comes to my mind is
standardization
uh because of course you know all
different types of chips, different
types of memory, different latency I
guess. How do you go about addressing
that? So, so that's a great question and
and right now, um, so what we've done is
we set up two two companies. One is
called Compute Exchange, not very
creatively named. Um, we have a tendency
to do that. Uh,
>> DRW is your initials, right?
>> That that was my trading badge and yes,
also my initials. Yeah, that I you know
um I mean we did better later on with
Cumberland, our crypto trading arm.
>> Um, that was actually a reference to the
Grateful Dead song about Cumberland
Minds. Oh, I didn't know that.
>> I didn't know that either.
>> Yeah. Uh, one of my partners who does
the more creative naming came up with
that one. He's a he's a dead fan.
Anyway, um
so
um the other company is called Silicon
Data and Silicon Data's job is to create
indices that will be uh that will become
tradable, you know, will be viable to
have futures contracts listed on them.
And right now, uh they've created a
number of different ones, but one is the
H100 index. Another one is the A100
index. And believe it or not, those
indices are both available on Bloomberg.
>> Oh, amazing. That's uh love hearing
that. If we were in the studio, I would
already be looking I would already be
looking up the uh chart as you were
talking about it. Who are the natural
participants? Because when I think about
AI or training, you know, imagine
someone goes to one of the big cloud
vendors and they sign a long-term
contract or whatever. who are the
participants who would be better off in
an environment where there was sort of
where there was a a liquid market for
compute. So um what we found and and DRW
actually uses uh compute exchange source
compute and we find that because there
are something like 70 different cloud
providers that
>> u participate
>> you can u you can often get better
pricing and and one of the things that
you can do is you can specify if let's
say that you're an AI company yeah and
uh you kind of you know rough roughly
what kind of cluster you want. Um you
can specify that you can even say um you
know what I'm I don't I'm indifferent
between locations or you know I if it's
in the Middle East I'm still okay with
it but I want to pay 20 cents per GPU or
less. Um whatever it is you can kind of
express your preference curve. comput
exchange can conduct an auction and then
uh you know find the the kind of best
price compute that matches your needs.
So that's that's kind of the the idea of
how it works and and um
>> you know it probably doesn't work if you
want a
10,000 cluster
uh you know monster for doing a huge
training run. But
>> but for uh for inference it works great
or for smaller training runs it works
really well.
>> Is the broader impact the idea that once
you establish a liquid market where
people can you know presumably hedge
their exposure that that would bring
down the cost of capital.
>> So so that's right. So, so once you have
a liquid market, then it's much easier
then you have much more confidence in
the indices and you can then list
futures contracts and and so what does
that do? It enables the Neoclouds
that are going out raising capital,
buying a bunch of DPUs, putting them in
data centers, and kind of hoping that
they can rent them out and not really
knowing what uh the they're going to be
able to rent them out for six months
from now, let alone two years from now.
So, a neocloud could um buy the GPUs,
sell a strip of futures contracts, and I
envision that these will be traded kind
of like electricity futures where
there's one for every month and and if
you want to hedge the next three years,
you sell 36 of them. Um, and now you've
locked in your pricing. Obviously, their
cost of capital is going to go down. Um,
which in turn should make GPUs more
readily available. And then on the flip
side, if you're running an AI company
and you raise a finite amount of dollars
and you kind of know how much training
you're going to do, but you don't know
exactly what configuration, you can go
ahead buy the compute in the derivatives
market. And then once you have a a clear
view on exactly what configuration you
want, then you can swap those
derivatives for actual compute.
Um talk to us a little bit more about um
sorry I'm trying to think oh yeah the
the cell side so like we have these like
big big clouds right the ones that
everybody knows and then you mentioned
the neoclouds do you see that changing
like what do you see as the future mix
of cloud vendors in the future
>> so uh that is a great question I think
that that the whole space is going to
but that the you know AWS GCPs of the
world will make up a smaller percentage
of the whole.
>> Okay,
>> that that's my guess. But but
>> how come?
>> Uh because there is such proliferation
of uh other companies buying GPUs and
deploying them.
>> Okay, it's a good answer.
>> Um you know Joe asked you who would be
the natural market participants for
this. I'm going to ask you the opposite
question. Who wouldn't want this?
Because I think of some of the
hyperscalers, they seem to like
controlling the GPU supply and maybe
squeezing some of their competitors.
Would you expect resistance from them?
>> Yeah, I I mean I think the hyperscalers
benefit from opaque pricing and kind of
bundled pricing and of course they would
prefer to have all the GPUs could but
Nvidia
>> I would also prefer to have all the
GPUs.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That's always a good thing.
But but I think Nvidia wants the GPUs to
be widely distributed and and uh
they're really the ones that make the
call.
>> This isn't the first time that there's
been an attempt to create futures
markets out of something out of
technology. I think there's been
multiple efforts decades ago to like
DRAM futures. It doesn't seem
>> that fundamentally different although
maybe it is. Why did those fail? like
when you think about like what's going
to be different at this time, what was
the failure that caused like why didn't
DRAM futures take off?
>> So, so the thing about DRAM was that the
price just kept on going down. So, yeah,
uh in a very predictable way and so why
would you want to buy a futures contract
if you know the price in the future is
going to be lower? Um whereas GPUs, you
know, we've certainly gone through
periods where GPU demand was super high.
Um and then we've gone through a period
where uh you know there was kind of some
excess supply.
>> So there's not a consistent trajectory
of pricing.
>> I I I think that there will be a
consistent trajectory lower in terms of
uh I don't know, however you want to
measure it, dollars per flop or
>> dollars per token. I I think that that's
going to continue to decline, but
the you know, an H100 is going to be a
useful GPU for a very long time.
>> And um and so, you know, and and over
its life, I think there will be periods
where there's more demand, less demand,
and and you know, a little bit more
cyclicality and um less predictability.
So, I know that the Trump administration
has said that they want this market to
happen, right? So, you seem to have some
regulatory, I guess, um, tailwind behind
you.
>> Yeah. I I mean, I don't think that I I
don't think that this is a controversial
thing. I I think that it's pretty clear
that, you know, once we figure out the
right index construction and and have
kind of sufficient data that I I don't
think the CFTC would complain about the
the product. M
>> um this is a little bit of a sideways
question from your attempt to build a uh
this market, but speaking of the cloud,
um in the in your main business at DRW,
I assume your sort of major customers or
users of the the CME. Are you excited
about the CME's migration of its backend
to Google Cloud? Because they tout it.
They talk about their partnership with
Google, etc. as a client or customer,
what are you enthusiastic about this
move?
>> We interviewed Terry earlier today. He
was excited for sure.
>> Yeah. So, so um the problem with So, it
depends on what you put into the cloud
and and it's totally fine to put um a
lot of things into the cloud, but the
thing that you don't want to put into
the cloud is a matching engine.
>> Okay? And and the reason for that is you
want the matching engine to be as uh
deterministic as possible. And and so
that means that uh if you send two
orders into the matching engine, one
let's say you know a couple of
microsconds behind the other one. You
want the one that gets there first to be
filled
all the every time.
>> Yeah. And if you put stuff into the
cloud, it's very hard to make that
happen. You wind up getting um uh you
know a wide distribution around uh which
order will be fulfilled first. And um
and even as you kind of stretch those
times out, you could have an order that
comes in, you know, maybe a couple
milliseconds later be filled first. that
um is super disruptive for liquidity
providers and it means that
uh the liquidity in the market is going
to suffer.
>> Huh.
>> Um so
>> but this is so this I mean and you say
it's not ideal for them to put the
matching to have a matching engine in
the cloud but this is the direction it's
going in.
>> Yeah. And it's unclear exactly which
part of the matching engine will be in
the cloud. Is it some kind of a, you
know, a a dual structure? I don't know.
But, but that's what matters is is a
deterministic matching engine. I I mean,
if Google can figure out how to make a
matching engine in the cloud
deterministic,
>> you know, go for it. I'm very skeptical
that that's even possible.
>> Can you just describe the sort of
theoretical problem? What is it about
cloud computing that makes this
particular problem the deterministic
aspect difficult as opposed to
traditional infrastructure?
>> Uh well, when you have on-prem uh
computers, you can kind of it's all
right there. You can control where the
wires go and
>> Oh, I see.
>> Um
>> and so when it's in the cloud, it's a
little bit more well nebulous, I guess.
Um, and uh, it's just harder to do.
>> That's a good pun. I admire it. Um, so,
you know, you mentioned that you have
this long and storied career in the
trading industry. Um, starting from old
school trading and now we're here
talking about GPU trading and what's in
the cloud and what works and what
doesn't. Tell us what your company, what
DRW is actually doing when it comes to
practical application of AI. M
>> this is a question we're asking
everyone. We ask all companies to spill
all their proprietary secrets
>> excluding the excluding the engineers.
We know that they're we know that
they're generating code. So don't say
yes. We know that they're using clog
code or whatever. So besides the
engineer, you're right. That's that's
kind of the boring.
>> Yeah, it's the boring. And then the
other thing is then they when we ask
this question, people cite a bunch of
machine learning things that has been
around forever. So let's talk about
actual AI.
>> Yeah. So, so,
uh, I think that the way that you make
we make trading decisions is going to
change dramatically.
>> Um, and it and it already is. You can,
um, use AI to
uh, interact with your proprietary data,
your proprietary models, and suggest
trades. That's pretty cool. Um,
>> are you doing that right now then
though?
>> Yeah. So, we're we're I mean we're
starting to do that. Um, but but we have
some tools that kind of do that now and
and yeah, the other thing that's really
interesting is to fiddle around with
with agents um and have different agents
interact. And so you could you could
kind of think about um you know maybe
you have uh you have a couple different
analysts AI analysts that um both uh
work on some stock and then you have
kind of a a risktaking agent or maybe a
couple different risk takingaking agents
that interact with those analysts and
then come up with trades uh based on
that. So I I mean these are that you
know that's a little bit of a
theoretical concept but I don't think
we're that far away from things like
that.
>> Um let's go just on the the cloud
trading a little bit more. Um do I want
to Yeah, just on the uh the cloud
trading I am really interested in this
uh topic. What is the current state
today just so that we understand where
you're at like what is today's snapshot
of usage
>> of the platforms? Uh I mean as far as
where the matching engines are.
>> Yeah. No, no, no, no. Oh, sorry. On the
on the GPU trading, like how active is
it right now? Like what do you like
where is the state of the business?
>> Oh, uh I mean you know I think last
month
we conducted I I don't know five or six
auctions. So it's early. Yeah.
>> Uh but but it's happening.
So when I think about how like futures
contracts are born, it's usually bespoke
options and then you get the index I
guess and then you get a forward and
then a future. That's kind of how I
think about it in my head. Is that the
process that you imagine for this?
>> Uh not necessarily. I I think that um I
I mean the the simplest
I mean I yeah I suppose you could do
some privately negotiated uh compute
swap or something and maybe that will
happen first but um no I think the first
thing is a futures contract that settles
to an index um if the spot market
becomes really liquid and you have very
standardized auctions let's say and and
you know one of the things that you
asked about was well how do you deal
with the lack of standardized you know
and and so one thing is you go to a
certain type of GPU you know H100 for
instance but even within that you can
you can um configure them in different
ways you could use Infiniband you could
use some other way of connecting them
and so what's important is you need to
decide on some benchmark
>> and one of the things that silicon data
has done is they've actually built some
measurement tools that that measure um
you know how fast a GPU cluster is. And
so um you can then say okay well in
order for this GPU to be kind of
eligible to be in the in the index it
needs to meet a certain standard. Um and
and you can there are a couple different
vectors you can measure by. So I think
that that's kind of um how you would do
it. And then um if you got very liquid
auctions, you could actually have a
futures contract that cash settles to
the auction price. And then you know
people could have the option of either
essentially just you know cash settling
their derivative and walking away or
cash selling their derivative and
participating in the auction and they
would know that they would you know that
price would transfer from one thing to
another
>> that that might be a future state of the
world and the initial state is probably
just a generic index and the futures
cash settle to the index. What would a
market failure look like in GPU trading?
Because your analogy is the oil market
and you know, weird stuff happens in the
oil market. Uh, could we get negative
GPU prices? Or if everyone wakes up one
day and decides they want to use chat
GPT as their psychotherapist or
whatever, which some people are doing,
could you have a GPU shortage where
maybe people can't deliver into the
contract?
So, um there are lots of ways that
markets can break and go wrong and and
you know I I remember to this day that
um you know when oil futures went
negative it was during COVID I was
sitting at home I was trading oil
futures and I bought oil futures for
negative prices.
>> You were one of the ones who actually
got a Phil. Amazing. my my uh then uh
well what was that 2001
um
or 2021 so yeah my then 14-year-old said
to me please please please
I want to buy negative price futures
contract and I said well you have no way
of of taking delivery of the oil and he
said I will go to Cushing Oklahoma and
figure out how to do it
>> you've really raised a
son, daughter, son, you you've really uh
he's he's been learning.
>> We have we have an episode about taking
physical possession of oil. I do not
recommend it. Turns out if you keep it
on your desk for long enough, it
evaporates into the atmosphere and
poisons your colleagues.
>> Yeah. Anyway, anyway, um a little bit of
a tangent. Um but uh so I I think on the
you know upward trajectory if there's
tons of demand you know that's something
that commodity markets are really good
at dealing with and uh you know the the
price will go up and more supply will
come in and I think that's all good. Um
on the downward side you know you can
always just turn the GPUs off. So I
don't think they trade negative. Um
>> not crude oil. How much of the
volatility that do you when you
anticipate market volatility in the
price of GPUs? How much of that like
embedded electricity cost? So when you
buy compute, right, you're buying the
chip but also the power like how much of
that volatility will be the power.
>> So the the industry lingo that's used is
uh total cost of ownership and and you
know what percentage of the total cost
of ownership is the price is the power
price. And okay,
>> for an H100 it's less than 15%.
>> Less than 15.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> So GPU trading obviously one of the
things you're working on. Uh but you're
a busy guy and you've got other stuff up
your sleeve. Um what are you doing in
the realms of tokenized trading?
>> So so that is an area that that I'm
we're super excited about that and um
and we've been thinking about this for a
very long time. So, in 2012,
uh, when we started talking about
Bitcoin at at DRW, and there were a
number of of traders at DRW that were
very excited about Bitcoin.
>> You were very early into it. 2012 was
still pretty early.
>> Very early. Yeah. And so, we were having
these discussions of of, you know, why
is this interesting? Is it interesting?
What about it is interesting? and and uh
we came away with the following thesis.
You know, there's some small chance that
Bitcoin could be digital gold. I don't
know, you know, call it 1%. Um it's kind
of an interesting product, so we should
probably make markets in it. So, we we
set up Cumberland as the and you know,
we didn't call it DRW because at the
time everybody knew that um anybody
trading crypto was obviously a a a
crook. So um so you know we wanted to
kind of separate the brand a little bit.
Um and uh but you know the other thing
was this idea that you could move value
instantaneously
in a trustless ecosystem was super
interesting to me and I said wow if you
could do that in traditional financial
markets that would make the market so
much better so much more resilient. Um
and so we should really figure out how
to do that. So we started a company
called again not very creatively named
Digital Asset Holdings um which um which
created the Canton blockchain.
Initially, the Canton blockchain was a
private permissioned chain. Um, but uh
last summer it actually became a public
chain. Um, and and that chain was
designed specifically with tokenization
of traditional financial instruments in
mind. So, it has a couple of
characteristics. One is it has
configurable privacy. And believe it or
not um for people who are in the you
know finance business they don't want to
broadcast to the entire world when they
are buying or selling something
>> right
>> um I mean obviously if it's above the
reporting thresholds you do um but but
and so um so that was kind of a
fundamental characteristic of this chain
that's different than Ethereum or Salana
or any of these other things where if
you tokenize something and put it on
top. Um, and you move it around,
everybody sees it move around. Um, so,
so that's kind of, uh, something we've
been working on for quite a while. And
>> how big could this get? Like could it
swallow everything? Could you imagine a
world in which the expect given any
financial instrument, a stock, a bond,
etc. that it all sort of ends up on
chain?
>> Yeah, I I think that everything will be
on chain.
>> Wow. By when? Give us a give us a year.
>> Oh, I'm always way too early on this
stuff, but but I I think in the next
five years uh
>> really
>> all of these instruments will be on
channel.
>> Okay, that's a good question. We will we
will have a live episode in 2013.
>> We'll come back to Chicago.
>> We'll revisit that question. Yeah.
>> Um is the idea with tokenized assets
also that you could use that for
collateral management and use it as a
way to move collateral?
>> 100%. And and so everybody's talking
about moving to 245 or 247 markets. And
if you want to do that, it's really
important to uh be able to move
collateral 245 or 247 and move variation
margin uh 255 or 247. And so yes uh that
is that is a very important use case.
So, speaking of very exciting, sexy
topics in trading, right after you,
we're going to be uh speaking with uh TK
uh Mansour of Kelshi. And so, prediction
markets are super hot. What is your uh
what where are you at with them? Is DRW
making markets in any of these uh in any
of the spaces right now?
>> So, a million years ago, we uh actually
made markets in prediction markets. Um I
I think it was I don't know intrade or
something. Yeah.
>> And and it never went anywhere. Nobody
cared. And I always thought, you know,
prediction market should be a thing.
>> Um everybody should care.
>> But nobody did. And then uh you know,
then Augur came out and I was like, "Oh,
this is really cool. This is going to
take off." And nobody cared. And um so
it's it's taken a long time. So at at
this point, we we use it as a you know,
as a reference price. um you know
obviously during the election it was
super helpful to um you know kind of um
use that as a gauge of
>> oh so you were actually using that
because you know we hear stories about
institutional investors maybe finding
prediction markets useful perhaps but
you were you were looking at it
>> we we were definitely looking at it we
were not using it as a hedge um and you
know it was it was funny Shane messaged
me and said hey you know it's it's uh
It's up on Bloomberg now and I was like,
"Oh, that's awesome, Shane." Um,
>> the Shane Copeland from
>> Poly Market.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, but currently like do you do you
foresee like are you going to enter not
either in making markets on some of
these exchanges and would you get into
the uh the sports the sports contracts?
>> Uh I I mean so we're not um so here I I
think it's highly likely that we'll uh
start trading some of the prediction
markets. Mhm.
>> Um, you know, some of our competitors
already trade in the in the sports
markets pretty actively. We don't. Um,
so it's not necessarily a natural fit,
but you know, we I don't have like a
religious opposition to it.
>> Would there be different considerations
for trading in a prediction market
versus a traditional financial asset?
Are there different things you have to
think about either in terms of like
pricing the trade or maybe risk
management?
>> Well, I think it depends on what the
prediction market is. I mean, if you're
if you're trading a prediction market on
uh I don't know whether somebody will
throw
uh you know a rubber object onto a WNBA
court. um then I I mean that's something
that that you know people in the
audience can control and so it seems
like providing liquidity in that you
would be at a disadvantage.
>> That was a very particular example by
the way.
>> I I was going to go with Taylor Swift
getting married but you went with that
one. Well, these are markets that people
can directly intervene on and create an
incentive as insider or trade their own
uh antisocial behavior.
>> That That's right. And and and
as opposed to um you know, will the Fed
cut 25 or 50 or stay on hold? I mean,
that is you can you can trade that in
you know, sofur, you can trade that in
in the Fed funds futures. um there are
some binaries you can trade and so the
prediction market version of that is is
you know totally fits in with the risk
that we already trade. So, we mentioned
uh uh in the intro there's going to be
this big uh meeting in DC next week and
we just happened to sort of catch a
bunch of the participants. When you look
at the landscape for these new futures
platforms because that's what they are,
right? Um the CME like does has
regulation been part of their dominance?
Has regulation made it harder for other
entrance to cut into CME margins or
volumes?
So, um,
>> I'm trying to say I'm trying to ask
questions that are going to create some
tension around the table next week.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, so here I I mean
>> Oh, yeah. You should hear what Terry
said about Howard Lutnik.
>> It'll be on the podcast.
>> I I I'm I'm sure I can I could probably
repeat it without having heard it. Um
um so
here once you have a liquid market in
something it becomes a natural monopoly.
It's very hard to move that to a
different venue. It's happened before
>> right? I I I was living in London in the
mid 90s and uh the bund futures were you
know on the floor of the life. It was
this huge trading pit with bunch of guys
pushing and shoving and um and over the
course of 12 months the you know DTB now
called the URX was able to move the
entire Bund Futures complex onto the
computer um on a different exchange. Now
I mean they gave hefty incentives to
people. I think they went to all the
German banks and they said, "Don't you
dare trade on life anymore." Um, so it's
possible, but I think that these things
are generally uh I don't think that it's
really a regulatory issue that causes
them to be sticky. I think it's more
just kind of the a natural state of
affairs
>> network effect, I guess. Um so our theme
for this evening is obviously the future
of trading and one of the things that
seems to be happening is the sort of
intermingling of professional and retail
trading. Uh and we again talked about
that with Terry. I'm sure we're about to
talk about it with um the Cali CEO but
from your perspective and again you
started this career back when I I don't
think there were any retail traders
doing day trading really. Um, what how
has that changed the the way you think
about trading? And can you envision a
future where I I don't know AI fires all
of us and we're all going to be just day
trading from home as an insurance
policy. AI is really or I should say
Robin Hood is really a full employment
program
>> maybe for US workers.
>> Maybe.
>> Yeah. So, so I mean that that is that is
a thesis that that I have heard is that
what's happening is uh a bunch of you
know
relatively successful people are losing
their jobs um and they're retiring um
but in their retirement they decide to
just uh manage their portfolios on Robin
Hood and so there's this surge in
trading activity that you know wouldn't
have happened 10 years ago and it's only
going to grow from here. U and and I
don't know maybe that's right.
Do you like it feels to me like
culturally because you're talking about
right why have prediction markets taken
off when they've been around for over 20
years. I think I first heard about them
in like 2002 or 2003. They've suddenly
taken off. There's all this sort of, you
know, the there was never a bright line
between what's gambling and what's sort
of hedging or what's trading, but
there's clearly whatever line that is
just feels like it's completely
collapsing. Is this good?
Do you have an opinion like should
should we is there is is and I don't
know if any of our opinions matter on
the question because it feels like
culturally we're entering this world
where everything will be tradable on any
app and there's you know you're going to
see a price for gold futures right next
to one day the line on a football match
etc. Is it do we want this world? So, um
I I don't think there's anything
particularly wrong with it. Um but I am
a little bit confused about uh whether
uh prediction markets and sports are
actually consistent with what the
commodity exchange act says is
permissible. Um, and so, you know, I I
know that, you know, your next your next
guess is you're
>> setting us up perfectly here is,
>> you know, benefits from uh his ability
to list these contracts and and I don't
know if you know the CFTC is just kind
of asleep and I I know they're kind of
understaffed now. Um, or
>> do you want to stay on stage?
>> Yeah, you can.
>> You can just anyway. or or maybe they've
decided that actually these are
economically important uh uh
transactions that that are consistent
with the CE. It's unclear to me.
>> Amazing.
>> All right. Uh well, we're going to have
to leave it there, but Don Wilson,
founder and CEO of DRW, thank you so
much for being here. Really appreciate
it.
>> That was really fun. Thank you so much.
>> Thank you so much.
That was our conversation with Don
Wilson, the founder and CEO of DRW,
recorded live on stage in Chicago.
Thanks for watching. Shall we leave it
there?
>> Let's leave it there.
>> All right. This has been another episode
of the Odd Thoughts podcast. I'm Tracy
Aloway. You can follow me at Tracy
Aloway
>> and I'm Jill Weisenthal. You can follow
me at the stalwart.
>> And if you enjoyed this conversation,
then please like and subscribe or leave
a comment down below.
>> Thanks for watching.
[Music]